bergman@iexchange.co.za,ced,ISDSL No Service,Bergman - C d/o monthly CR
bergmancdk@iexchange.co.za,c0e4he6q,ISDSL No Service,Bergman CDK
bester@iexchange.co.za,logoss,ISDSL No Service,Bester,Ds Peet,Monthly
betterbuild@iexchange.co.za,1010,ISDSL No Service,Riaan Van Staden,d/o,Adelaide
bhobson@iexchange.co.za,pendery,ISDSL No Service,Hobson Brenda ,Bf , D/o Montly
billt@iexchange.co.za,smit8,ISDSL No Service,Thompsom - B Annual August GR
bivdw@iexchange.co.za,pumba,ISDSL No Service,Ben van der Westhuizen(Email only)
blane@iexchange.co.za,mis1331,ISDSL No Service,Lane B Annual January JB
blueprint@iexchange.co.za,riaan1,ISDSL No Service,Conservation ekstra email (Schouwerwou)
boerperd@iexchange.co.za,hihosilver,ISDSL No Service,Boerperd Ass GR
braambotha@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Braam Boha email
braemore@iexchange.co.za,roxy12,ISDSL No Service,Van der Berg Lewis ,Cr ,D/o M
brucesfc@iexchange.co.za,champs,ISDSL No Service,Holft Bruce ,FB , Cash
budspecs@iexchange.co.za,marjorie,ISDSL No Service,Bergman - Cedric Annual May SSE
buksbekker@iexchange.co.za,cp1969,ISDSL No Service,Bekker CP , GR
bwigley@iexchange.co.za,brian,ISDSL No Service,Wigley Brian Annual June CR
calberts@iexchange.co.za,charl2,ISDSL No Service,Alberts - Charl d/o monthly FB
carla@iexchange.co.za,carla123,ISDSL No Service,Willbouw email - Carla
carmen@iexchange.co.za,car12,ISDSL No Service,Carmen outside
cbekker@iexchange.co.za,3006,ISDSL No Service,Bekker, Chris & Lizelle - Cradock
cdkvs@iexchange.co.za,kas1234,ISDSL No Service,Voorbereiding Skool - Outlook SMS
cedric@iexchange.co.za,cedric1,ISDSL No Service,Bergman Cedric(email-cedric)
cellshack@iexchange.co.za,987654,ISDSL No Service,Cradock Cell Shack - Juanita
charles@iexchange.co.za,charles2003,ISDSL No Service,Charles Southey
charlotte@iexchange.co.za,boffa1,ISDSL No Service,Charlotte Boffa
charlton@iexchange.co.za,4900,ISDSL No Service,Erasmus P Annual April SSE
cherie@iexchange.co.za,alb2c3,ISDSL No Service,Antrobus - S d/o monthly CR
christianr@iexchange.co.za,!password,ISDSL No Service,used Christian's test account
christo@iexchange.co.za,christo,ISDSL No Service,Christo Erasmus-GBGMKL-GBG,Cradock
chsgroup2@iexchange.co.za,kw@gg@,ISDSL No Service,Cradock High School
chsgroup3@iexchange.co.za,kw@gg@,ISDSL No Service,Cradock High School
chsgroup@iexchange.co.za,kw@gg@,ISDSL No Service,Cradock High School
cnel@iexchange.co.za,greeting,ISDSL No Service,Nel - Christo d/o monthly FB
coetzee@iexchange.co.za,eee,ISDSL No Service,Coetzee and Coetzee d/o monthly CR
coffeeshack@iexchange.co.za,wacky,ISDSL No Service,Coffeeshack Back Packers,Ann Dec,Umtata
colette@iexchange.co.za,delco2,ISDSL No Service,Colette - GBG (email)
coligny@iexchange.co.za,511264,ISDSL No Service,Stegmann, Coligny , Cr , D/o M
colinp@iexchange.co.za,glen41,ISDSL No Service,Pringle - G Annual July SSE
connie@iexchange.co.za,connie1,ISDSL No Service,Connie le Roux (free as per Mr. Gowar)
copeman@iexchange.co.za,diamond,ISDSL No Service,Copeman - L P d/o monthly CR
copemanr@iexchange.co.za,3575,ISDSL No Service,Copeman - R P d/o monthly CR
costello@iexchange.co.za,murphy,ISDSL No Service,Costello, J d/o monthly w98
cremorne@iexchange.co.za,adg753,ISDSL No Service,Cremorne Estate: Steve&Fiona Roberts, d/o, w157
custom@iexchange.co.za,beverly,ISDSL No Service,Custom Motor Services Annual April CR
cv01@iexchange.co.za,cv012,ISDSL No Service,Coetzee Venter Marietjie
cv02@iexchange.co.za,cv012,ISDSL No Service,Coetzee Venter Estelle
cv03@iexchange.co.za,cv012,ISDSL No Service,Coetzee Venter natasha
daantyre@iexchange.co.za,987321,ISDSL No Service,Oliver Cradock email
dalbro4@iexchange.co.za,987159,ISDSL No Service,Dalbro ekstra email
dalfreuch@iexchange.co.za,1960,ISDSL No Service,Ottto,Carel d/o monthly SSE
dalham@iexchange.co.za,gchmch,ISDSL No Service,Holmes,Gary GR
dancks@iexchange.co.za,craigali,ISDSL No Service,Keith Danckwerts,d/o
daniele@iexchange.co.za,lentaba,ISDSL No Service,Lentaba Daniele
daniemalan@iexchange.co.za,bokkie,ISDSL No Service,Retha Malan,FB,d/o
darlington@iexchange.co.za,lodge1,ISDSL No Service,Darlington Lodges - SE
darryl@iexchange.co.za,sales1,ISDSL No Service,Selhar Darryl
david@iexchange.co.za,david,ISDSL No Service,David Gowar(email-david)
daybreak1@iexchange.co.za,chris123,ISDSL No Service,Naude Frikkie(christine-email only)
daybreak2@iexchange.co.za,joh123,ISDSL No Service,Naude Frikkie(johanni-email only)
daybreak@iexchange.co.za,kozegomy,ISDSL No Service,Naude, F d/o monthly w84
deklerk@iexchange.co.za,kosie,ISDSL No Service,de Klerk Kosie d/o monthly CR
denham@iexchange.co.za,den123,ISDSL No Service,DK Pringle
dennis@iexchange.co.za,den123,ISDSL No Service,Dennis Thorneycroft
devdvyver@iexchange.co.za,kroomie,ISDSL No Service,D.E. v.d. Vyver
didima@iexchange.co.za,jossie,ISDSL No Service,Liddell Willem,d/o,Adelaide
dieselanddust@iexchange.co.za,diesel,ISDSL No Service,used Fairhol,Pringle,Email only
dileroux@iexchange.co.za,gbg123,ISDSL No Service,Diana Le Roux SSO GBG
dirros@iexchange.co.za,dirkie,ISDSL No Service,Visser - D d/o monthly CR
dkp01@iexchange.co.za,den123,ISDSL No Service,DK Pringle (admin)
dkp02@iexchange.co.za,den123,ISDSL No Service,DK Pringle (workshop)
dkp05@iexchange.co.za,dkp@05,ISDSL No Service,Denham Pringle (eric)
donaldj@iexchange.co.za,meyers,ISDSL No Service,Donald Meyers,d/o/Cradock
drixw@iexchange.co.za,drix001,ISDSL No Service,White - A Annual February SSE
drsmvdm@iexchange.co.za,marais,ISDSL No Service,Marais and vd merwe d/o monthly GR
edv@iexchange.co.za,dev1,ISDSL No Service,EDV - Ernie
eec@iexchange.co.za,cloete,ISDSL No Service,F C Cloete
ekeyser@iexchange.co.za,esk,ISDSL No Service,Gill College Primary(email-ekeyser)
eliklopper@iexchange.co.za,meli,ISDSL No Service,Eli Klopper(email only-eliklopper)
elsamarie@iexchange.co.za,kabod,ISDSL No Service,Elsamarie Michau
emilieh@iexchange.co.za,eh62jb,ISDSL No Service,De Bruyn HP
emslie@iexchange.co.za,norman,ISDSL No Service,Emslie - Norman
epringle@iexchange.co.za,elgnirpe,ISDSL No Service,Pringle - E d/o monthly SSE
erika@iexchange.co.za,charlie,ISDSL No Service,Erika Le Doux
ernie@iexchange.co.za,colleen,ISDSL No Service,Jeff Brown's Dad Email only
ester@iexchange.co.za,ester1,ISDSL No Service,Ester Laubscher
etduvenhage@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Jacques Duvenhage email
fairholt@iexchange.co.za,dreams,ISDSL No Service,Pringle - Jill Annual December SSE
fatty@iexchange.co.za,fatty,ISDSL No Service,Fatty Collorossi ,Cr , D/O Monthly
fionak@iexchange.co.za,fionak21,ISDSL No Service,Anchorage Hotel(fionak-email only)
fish@iexchange.co.za,fish754,ISDSL No Service,GFRWUA extra email
fishriver@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Fishriver , Cdk
fjg@iexchange.co.za,andre,ISDSL No Service,Grobler - FJ d/o monthly KW
flip@iexchange.co.za,987159,ISDSL No Service,GBG email, Flip Gerber
francois@iexchange.co.za,gbg123,ISDSL No Service,Francois Calitz
frankemoolman@iexchange.co.za,lafras,ISDSL No Service,Franke Moolman ( Lafras Moolman )
frccradock@iexchange.co.za,780923jll,ISDSL No Service,Jacques Gerber
frikkie@iexchange.co.za,musgrave,ISDSL No Service,Frikkie Coetzee email by werk, word deur werk DO betaal
fvdw@iexchange.co.za,vdwalt,ISDSL No Service,Van Der Walt Frikkie ,CR ,D/o M
fwjk01@iexchange.co.za,fwjk,ISDSL No Service,FWJK Mthatha
fwjk02@iexchange.co.za,fwjk,ISDSL No Service,FWJK Mthatha 02
fwjk03@iexchange.co.za,fwjk,ISDSL No Service,FWJK Mthatha 02
fwjk04@iexchange.co.za,fwjk01,ISDSL No Service,FWJK Yona
fwjk3@iexchange.co.za,fwjk01,ISDSL No Service,FWJK Zolani
fwjkumt@iexchange.co.za,cicahyyd,ISDSL No Service,Frances Williams Jones, Kgole, d/o monthly w83
gardner@iexchange.co.za,bourke,ISDSL No Service,van Niekerk - G d/o monthly GR
gecko@iexchange.co.za,okceg,ISDSL No Service,Kim van Niekerk
geoff@iexchange.co.za,geoffh,ISDSL No Service,Hulett - G d/o monthly SSE
gerrit@iexchange.co.za,nel7777,ISDSL No Service,Nel - Gerrit d/o monthly CR
gfradmin@iexchange.co.za,daniel,ISDSL No Service,Graaff-Reinet Auto
gfrauto2@iexchange.co.za,gfr123,ISDSL No Service,Hyundai GFR Accounts
gfrauto@iexchange.co.za,caltex,ISDSL No Service,Graaff-Reinet Auto
gfrdriveway@iexchange.co.za,drive123,ISDSL No Service,used Graaff-Reinet Auto Driveway
gfrservice@iexchange.co.za,601444,ISDSL No Service,used Graaff-Reinet Auto
gfrwua@iexchange.co.za,grootvis,ISDSL No Service,used Grootvisrivierbesproeiing
giepie@iexchange.co.za,nilama,ISDSL No Service,Gideon,George Le Roux d/o monthly
gill@iexchange.co.za,gill00,ISDSL No Service,Gill College - S Oos - Tienie Koen
gillian@iexchange.co.za,thornp,ISDSL No Service,Phillips, G Annual February SSE
gillp@iexchange.co.za,gillprim,ISDSL No Service,Gill College Primary Annual December SSE
goodhope@iexchange.co.za,hope123,ISDSL No Service,Erika Ledoux/ Orion
greyling@iexchange.co.za,cara12,ISDSL No Service,Greyling Karen,d/o Cradock
grootvis1@iexchange.co.za,rothea,ISDSL No Service,Tienie Grootvis
grootvis@iexchange.co.za,rothea,ISDSL No Service,Grootvis
grtbrok@iexchange.co.za,kayyan,ISDSL No Service,GBGGR < E-mail
gvwgv@iexchange.co.za,rothea,ISDSL No Service,used Grootvisbesproeiing(gvwgv-email only)
harold@iexchange.co.za,krieger,ISDSL No Service,Lombard - H Annual Jan SSE
hca@iexchange.co.za,beverley,ISDSL No Service,Hughes, Chisolm, Airey d/o monthly w91
helga@iexchange.co.za,skindeep,ISDSL No Service,Helga Gerber, CRD, Monthly
hendrik@iexchange.co.za,seugnet,ISDSL No Service,H P van Niekerk
hentie@iexchange.co.za,henti3,ISDSL No Service,Hentie Huis
herman@iexchange.co.za,911911,ISDSL No Service,Dr H Neethling ,Cr , D/o monthly
hermangbg@iexchange.co.za,gbg123,ISDSL No Service,Herman GBGSSO
hester@iexchange.co.za,coet4011,ISDSL No Service,Coetzer - H d/o monthly CR
heuningklip@iexchange.co.za,yolandie,ISDSL No Service,Karen Erasmus
hjfouche@iexchange.co.za,hentie,ISDSL No Service,Hentie Fouche email
hlinde@iexchange.co.za,1ednilh,ISDSL No Service,Linde - H d/o monthly CR
hobson2@iexchange.co.za,hob123,ISDSL No Service,Ashley Hobson
hobson@iexchange.co.za,hobson1,ISDSL No Service,Hobson - A Annual January SSE
huntafrica@iexchange.co.za,hunt20,ISDSL No Service,Dreyer Johan, d/o, GT
hvj@iexchange.co.za,monesca,ISDSL No Service,Hannes Van Jaarsveld(email-hvj)Free Agent
inside@iexchange.co.za,mumimylu,ISDSL No Service,Charlie Battle, d/o, w206
internet@iexchange.co.za,access,ISDSL No Service,EastCapeNet Internet-Toets lyn
isabella@iexchange.co.za,jason01,ISDSL No Service,Mauer Esabelle,SO ,D/O July
isparks@iexchange.co.za,sparks,ISDSL No Service,Isabel Sparks, d/o, ecnet102
izak@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Izak Hatting
jac@iexchange.co.za,gbg123,ISDSL No Service,Jacques GBGSSO
jackadam@iexchange.co.za,790928,ISDSL No Service,Jack Adam,Bergman CDK
jacob@iexchange.co.za,uts2001ja,ISDSL No Service,Jacob WC 9
jacques@iexchange.co.za,780923jll,ISDSL No Service,Domain Owner, 13cm.co.za
jacquesgbgso@iexchange.co.za,987654,ISDSL No Service,Jacques Somerset-Oos GBG
jan@iexchange.co.za,375526,ISDSL No Service,Jan Greyling
janet@iexchange.co.za,121-021,ISDSL No Service,Janet Kalis,d/o monthly,Umtata
janledoux@iexchange.co.za,orionj,ISDSL No Service,Jan Ledoux
janneline@iexchange.co.za,123697,ISDSL No Service,Jannie & Anneline Michau email
janpaul@iexchange.co.za,bobbo,ISDSL No Service,Barnard Jan Paul
janraats@iexchange.co.za,susan,ISDSL No Service,Raats - JG Annual February FB
janross@iexchange.co.za,ssornaj,ISDSL No Service,Ross - J d/o monthly SSE
Jeff@iexchange.co.za,forward,ISDSL No Service,Jeff Brown(email only)
jess@iexchange.co.za,615584,ISDSL No Service,Bill Coombes,Jessica Kennedy)
jfkagri@iexchange.co.za,kranz10,ISDSL No Service,Murray J, D/O Monthly, Crd
jgreeff@iexchange.co.za,300swm,ISDSL No Service,Greeff Jacques FB
jjpark@iexchange.co.za,stone,ISDSL No Service,Park - JR d/o monthly SSE
jmprinsloo@iexchange.co.za,koos123,ISDSL No Service,J.M. Prinsloo
jnrmaths@iexchange.co.za,4511,ISDSL No Service,Johnson Tammy, d/o, GT
johan@iexchange.co.za,johan1,ISDSL No Service,Johan Simms
johantie@iexchange.co.za,hantie12,ISDSL No Service,used Fortbeaufortprim-Johantie Wolmarans(email-johantie)
johanvh@iexchange.co.za,juankim,ISDSL No Service,Van Heysteen Johan ,FB
john@iexchange.co.za,john123,ISDSL No Service,John Westcott
jolene@iexchange.co.za,nikeeta,ISDSL No Service,Jolene Krantz
jpearce@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Mrs J Pearce, Bedford
judy@iexchange.co.za,jud123,ISDSL No Service,Lockhart Ainslee ekstra email
jwauto@iexchange.co.za,180459,ISDSL No Service,Joubert - P s/o monthly CR
jwgeyer@iexchange.co.za,skiet,ISDSL No Service,Geyer - J Annual March SSE
kaitlin@iexchange.co.za,kait01,ISDSL No Service,Kaitlin Le doux
karoobkr@iexchange.co.za,sandra,ISDSL No Service,Karoo Brokers d/o monthly CR
karoopro1@iexchange.co.za,powersure,ISDSL No Service,Karoo Brokers
karoopro2@iexchange.co.za,ferrari,ISDSL No Service,Karoo Brokers
karoopro@iexchange.co.za,powersure,ISDSL No Service,Karoo Brokers(email-karoopro)
karoowim@iexchange.co.za,wb1048,ISDSL No Service,Wim Botha,Karoo Brokers,d/o,Cradock
kdc@iexchange.co.za,geeraxuni,ISDSL No Service,Kei District Council, d/o monthly w65
kingscollege@iexchange.co.za,987159,ISDSL No Service,Kings College Cradock
kingwill@iexchange.co.za,will123,ISDSL No Service,Annette Kingwill email
kirkcash@iexchange.co.za,peterpan,ISDSL No Service,Geyer - CJ Annual July KW
klipplaat@iexchange.co.za,klip654,ISDSL No Service,DR Marias GR
kobus@iexchange.co.za,kabous,ISDSL No Service,Kobus Burger email
koelfontein@iexchange.co.za,escapes,ISDSL No Service,Hood - Denise and Chris Annual July CR
koko@iexchange.co.za,sparkoko,ISDSL No Service,Cradock Spar - Koko email
kriegarshoek@iexchange.co.za,7979,ISDSL No Service,used Kriegarshoek,d/o,Aberdeen
ksteele1@iexchange.co.za,ksteele,Dialup,Ksteele dailup
ksteele@iexchange.co.za,june,Dialup-ISDN,Steele FAS Annual March PE
kuduridge@iexchange.co.za,password,ISDSL No Service,Krantz - P d/o monthly PE
lafras@iexchange.co.za,gbg123,ISDSL No Service,Lafras GBG Email
lainslie@iexchange.co.za,bushb,ISDSL No Service,Patricia Ann Ainslie
larocca@iexchange.co.za,estelle,ISDSL No Service,LRC Civils
laurette@iexchange.co.za,nilama,ISDSL No Service,Gideon Le Roux,d/o
lblom@iexchange.co.za,flower,ISDSL No Service,L Blom FB
ledoux2@iexchange.co.za,doux123,ISDSL No Service,Ledoux
ledoux@iexchange.co.za,snarf1,ISDSL No Service,Le Doux Engineering d/o monthly CR
leeanne@iexchange.co.za,annette28,ISDSL No Service,used Willbouw(email only-leeanne)
leeuw@iexchange.co.za,sparks,ISDSL No Service,S Sparks, Web page only
letskraal@iexchange.co.za,minnaar,ISDSL No Service,Rina Minnaar - Letskraal
lgerber@iexchange.co.za,090660,ISDSL No Service,Linden Gerber
linquo@iexchange.co.za,waterloo,ISDSL No Service,Pierre Le Grange
lisa@iexchange.co.za,tuishuise,ISDSL No Service,used Lisa,Tuishuise CRD
lizemari@iexchange.co.za,gbg123,ISDSL No Service,GBG SSO Lizemari
lizmagbgsso@iexchange.co.za,gbg123,ISDSL No Service,Lizma GBG Somerset-Oos Email
lmitchell@iexchange.co.za,phisio,ISDSL No Service,Les Mitchell 2
louise@iexchange.co.za,davy123,ISDSL No Service,Louise Booysen
louwt@iexchange.co.za,vanzyl,ISDSL No Service,Dr Louw , So, D/o
lowie@iexchange.co.za,hessie,ISDSL No Service,L. Steenkamp
lrc2@iexchange.co.za,scoccia,ISDSL No Service,Lu LRC
lrc4@iexchange.co.za,lrc123,ISDSL No Service,LRC: L de Beer
lrsa@iexchange.co.za,lrsa12,ISDSL No Service,Ainslie Lochart,d/o
lwebber@iexchange.co.za,lanew278,ISDSL No Service,Webber - L d/o monthly FB
lynette@iexchange.co.za,lauren,ISDSL No Service,Lynette de Jager (Steers)
mandy@iexchange.co.za,tennis,ISDSL No Service,Mandy Hobson / Ashley
mano@iexchange.co.za,gixiziol,ISDSL No Service,Nkonyeni, M d/o monthly w77
maries@iexchange.co.za,eugene,ISDSL No Service,Maries Workshop, d/o, w113
marike@iexchange.co.za,987654,ISDSL No Service,Marike Greyling email - Jan Greyling se dogter
masizame@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Cradock Masizame
mbaas@iexchange.co.za,daisy,ISDSL No Service,Baas - M d/o monthly SSE
mbi@iexchange.co.za,mbi123,ISDSL No Service,Middelburg Insurance
merinoram@iexchange.co.za,me2000,ISDSL No Service,Merino Breeders-(merinoram-email only)
merinosa1@iexchange.co.za,me2000,ISDSL No Service,Merino SA
merinosa@iexchange.co.za,me2000,ISDSL No Service,Merino Breeders Annual July GR
metcalf@iexchange.co.za,walter,ISDSL No Service,Metcalf and Kie/Co d/o monthly CR
mfrench@iexchange.co.za,996mark,ISDSL No Service,M French d/o monthly Umtata
michael1@iexchange.co.za,hillandale,ISDSL No Service,used Thorneycroft, Michael, PE, D/O
michauf@iexchange.co.za,kabod,ISDSL No Service,F. Michau email
michelle@iexchange.co.za,mich01,ISDSL No Service,Michelle le Doux
mikemurray@iexchange.co.za,3816,ISDSL No Service,Mike Murray(afs),d/o
millholme@iexchange.co.za,bobmsk,ISDSL No Service,Mills R ,d/o,Adelaide
minnaar@iexchange.co.za,joh601,ISDSL No Service,Minnaar JH d/o monthly GR
mitchell@iexchange.co.za,phisio,ISDSL No Service,Leslie Mitchell, d/o, w121
moorcrof@iexchange.co.za,estelle,ISDSL No Service,Moorcroft - AS d/o monthly FB
moreforless@iexchange.co.za,more4less,ISDSL No Service,More for Less Cradock Email
mornet@iexchange.co.za,toyota,ISDSL No Service,van Eck - M d/o monthly GR
msbotha@iexchange.co.za,1973,ISDSL No Service,Botha Louise GBG
mstroebel@iexchange.co.za,spokie,ISDSL No Service,Mariaan Stroebel
nan@iexchange.co.za,sparnan,ISDSL No Service,Cradock Spar - Nan email
ndixie@iexchange.co.za,angusl,ISDSL No Service,Dixie A, ann.Feb.,SSE
nelh@iexchange.co.za,nel123,ISDSL No Service,Hennie Nel
nnwilmot@iexchange.co.za,koisoaso,ISDSL No Service,Neil Wilmot,Jaarliks
nojoli@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Nojoli, CR, Domain nojoli.co.za
noreply@iexchange.co.za,gbg123,ISDSL No Service,GBG SSO
norval@iexchange.co.za,jurie1,ISDSL No Service,Jurie Norval, d/o. FB
oldscholars@iexchange.co.za,scholars,ISDSL No Service,CHS Oldscholars
olivercdk@iexchange.co.za,4805,ISDSL No Service,Gerber - DM d/o monthly CR
orionadmin@iexchange.co.za,orion01,ISDSL No Service,Ledoux Admin
ostriman@iexchange.co.za,hatch,ISDSL No Service,Tony Le Roy-ostriman-email Only)admleroy
out@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Email vir Tertius wanneer hy op oudit gaan
outspan@iexchange.co.za,trine,ISDSL No Service,Jim Costello d/o monthly wc124
owenh@iexchange.co.za,puds,ISDSL No Service,Hildebrand - O d/o monthly GR
pauline@iexchange.co.za,hobnot7,ISDSL No Service,Les Mitchell email
payroll@iexchange.co.za,pay123,ISDSL No Service,GBG CDK payroll
peacen@iexchange.co.za,ciybaece,ISDSL No Service,Ntloko PN, d/o, w137
peggy@iexchange.co.za,peggyc,ISDSL No Service,Linquo - Colledge Motors - Graaff-Reinet
penny@iexchange.co.za,pennym,ISDSL No Service,African Field Sports, Peter Murray
pfaria@iexchange.co.za,twiits,ISDSL No Service,Faria - P d/o monthly FB
phugo@iexchange.co.za,internet,ISDSL No Service,Hugo Pieter , Caledon (Tertius)
pierre@iexchange.co.za,pierre,ISDSL No Service,Pierre Le Grange(linque)
pilisa@iexchange.co.za,panduluvo,ISDSL No Service,Pilisa Fadana,d/o monthly Umtata
plianthos1@iexchange.co.za,peaches,ISDSL No Service,Plianthos Mr, d/o w208
pml@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Pierre-Martin Lombaard email
pondo@iexchange.co.za,rodbot,ISDSL No Service,Botes Willem, d/o, w144
pont@iexchange.co.za,cymeypem,ISDSL No Service,Southey J, d/o, w111
prep@iexchange.co.za,prep123,ISDSL No Service,Voorbereidingskool
proauction@iexchange.co.za,keegan,ISDSL No Service,used ProAuction.co.za (Clive Gardener)
promisedland@iexchange.co.za,availnova,ISDSL No Service,Von Lengeling, d/o, w146
pventer@iexchange.co.za,stars,ISDSL No Service,Piet Venter,d/o
pwells@iexchange.co.za,jumbo,ISDSL No Service,Pwell , Bedford , Do??
ralie@iexchange.co.za,blig8,ISDSL No Service,GBGGR(email-ralie)
ralieb@iexchange.co.za,ralieb,ISDSL No Service,Ralie(GBGGR)
raven@iexchange.co.za,wekoymad,ISDSL No Service,Alan Kruger,d/o monthly Colesberg
rbhobson@iexchange.co.za,hobson,ISDSL No Service,Hobson Richard,d/o Pearston
rdupreez@iexchange.co.za,internet,ISDSL No Service,Rudie Du Preez(d/o)Email only
registrar@iexchange.co.za,riaan1,ISDSL No Service,Schouwerwou ekstra email - Conservation
remote@iexchange.co.za,outside,ISDSL No Service,GBG Cradock Email vir Comp. buite gebou
ria@iexchange.co.za,230655,ISDSL No Service,Ria van Rensburg
richard@iexchange.co.za,cloversa,ISDSL No Service,Thorneycroft , Richard , PE , D/o ?
rigyne@iexchange.co.za,carina,ISDSL No Service,de Bruyn - C d/o monthly JB
rledoux@iexchange.co.za,orion1971,ISDSL No Service,Riaan Ledoux ,d/o Cradock
rodrehse@iexchange.co.za,lanodafa,ISDSL No Service,Rehse R, d/o, w198
rosemary@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Thorneycroft , Rosemary ,PE , D/o ?
roundtable37@iexchange.co.za,rtable,ISDSL No Service,Round Table 37 Cradock
roxzanne@iexchange.co.za,rox159,ISDSL No Service,Willbouw - Roxzanne email
rpruisse@iexchange.co.za,11rrps,ISDSL No Service,Pruissen - R d/o monthly SSE
rstroebel@iexchange.co.za,spokie,ISDSL No Service,Riaan Stroebel (persoonlik)
rt37@iexchange.co.za,roundtable,ISDSL No Service,David Ker - rt37.co.za domain
rudolphgbgsso@iexchange.co.za,gbg123,ISDSL No Service,Rudolph GBG Somerset-Oos Email
rushni@iexchange.co.za,rushni1,ISDSL No Service,Dalbro Extra email account
safeway3@iexchange.co.za,safe@574,ISDSL No Service,Sadeway-Skynet
safeway@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Wynand Breytenbach, Cradock, Safeway Express
safewaycoll@iexchange.co.za,safeway123,ISDSL No Service,Safeway Collections
sasheepdogs@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,I Hattingh, Domain, CRD, DO Monthly
sblom@iexchange.co.za,161616,ISDSL No Service,S Blom,d/o,Cradock
scogings@iexchange.co.za,peter1,ISDSL No Service,Scogings - P (Dr) d/o monthly FB
serena@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Thorneycroft , Serena ,PE , D/o ?
shearwater@iexchange.co.za,ecngbg,ISDSL No Service,V Wyk Albert (mid5)
shufti@iexchange.co.za,firezeje,ISDSL No Service,Orton B, d/o, w44
sking@iexchange.co.za,gniks,ISDSL No Service,King - S d/o monthly SSE
sncollett@iexchange.co.za,bronco,ISDSL No Service,Collett - Sinclair Annual August CR
somerset@iexchange.co.za,sse123,ISDSL No Service,used Somerseteast.co.za(Domain)
spar1@iexchange.co.za,spar0000,ISDSL No Service,Spar CDK
stbgpla@iexchange.co.za,wally,ISDSL No Service,Jossie Labuschagne
steers@iexchange.co.za,cdk123,ISDSL No Service,Steers Cradock ,Cdk ,D/O
steersgrt@iexchange.co.za,steers123,ISDSL No Service,Steers GR De Jager
stl1@iexchange.co.za,riaan,ISDSL No Service,R Botha-(conservation-email only)
stl@iexchange.co.za,riaan,ISDSL No Service,Botha - R d/o monthly Jb
studcor@iexchange.co.za,riptide,ISDSL No Service,de Villiers - M J d/o monthly CR
support@iexchange.co.za,ecn@01,ISDSL No Service,iexchange accounts , E-mail Only
swmalan@iexchange.co.za,stefaans,ISDSL No Service,SW Malan, Paardefontein, Adelaid
tablefarm@iexchange.co.za,duckie,ISDSL No Service,White Freddie, Ght, D/O Monthly
tamlive1@iexchange.co.za,tamlive,ISDSL No Service,Nita Persoonlike email
taylor@iexchange.co.za,leardo,ISDSL No Service,Janine Taylor
tcnarch@iexchange.co.za,fowojyki,ISDSL No Service,Kenny, TCN Architects, UMTATA
tembuland@iexchange.co.za,italia,ISDSL No Service,Temabuland Gas, Annual September w49
thegowars@iexchange.co.za,gowar1,ISDSL No Service,Gowar David,cradock
thewinkle@iexchange.co.za,yvonne,ISDSL No Service,The Winkle, Adelaide, Christo Elser
thorneycroft@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Necomb Richard , PE ,D/o ?
tkeiyam@iexchange.co.za,albert,ISDSL No Service,Transkei Yamaha: Steve Dold, d/o, w156
tobi@iexchange.co.za,lrc123,ISDSL No Service,Tobi, LRC Civils
tobias@iexchange.co.za,sydney,ISDSL No Service,Thelma & Sidney Tobias
toto@iexchange.co.za,tot987,ISDSL No Service,R Killian-Amakhaya(email Only-toto)
tourismpsj@iexchange.co.za,puwuqiot,ISDSL No Service,Ukhenkheto Tourism, free agent, w229
tuishuise1@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,Victoria Manor,Tuishuise
tuishuise2@iexchange.co.za,tuishuise,ISDSL No Service,Lisa Antrobus
tuishuise@iexchange.co.za,guest,ISDSL No Service,Antrobus - S d/o monthly CR
tvdw@iexchange.co.za,987654,ISDSL No Service,Tertius laptop email
uhs@iexchange.co.za,juveawaw,ISDSL No Service,Umtata High School, d/o monthly w23
uhsstaff@iexchange.co.za,cenuylyl,ISDSL No Service,Umtata High School, d/o monthly w22
umtataspecs@iexchange.co.za,udsjuld,ISDSL No Service,S&L Optometrists, d/o, w110
vanda@iexchange.co.za,vanda1,ISDSL No Service,Selhar Vanda
varsvlei@iexchange.co.za,987654,ISDSL No Service,R. Jordaan email
vdwalt@iexchange.co.za,123456,ISDSL No Service,vd Walt , Tertius , CR
victoria@iexchange.co.za,1944,ISDSL No Service,Antrobus - Tuishuise d/o monthly CR
victoriacottage@iexchange.co.za,cottage,ISDSL No Service,used Brendan Mc Eneaney,Bedford,d/o
viv@iexchange.co.za,estelle,ISDSL No Service,LRC Civils - Estelle Scoccia
vivs@iexchange.co.za,estelle,ISDSL No Service,Viv Scoccia - LRC
vniekerk@iexchange.co.za,niekerk,ISDSL No Service,van Niekerk - J d/o monthly SSE
waitandsee@iexchange.co.za,pam,ISDSL No Service,Sieberhagen and Son (J H R) d/o monthly CR
waterson@iexchange.co.za,elb,ISDSL No Service,Burger - EL d/o monthly CR
watervlei@iexchange.co.za,njschm,ISDSL No Service,Kroon Jennifer GR
wayne@iexchange.co.za,ql1170,ISDSL No Service,Wayne Hooper(email only)
wdeklerk@iexchange.co.za,willie,ISDSL No Service,De klerk , Elamarie , GR , Monthly
wendypark@iexchange.co.za,wendy,ISDSL No Service,Wendy van Niekerk -vniekerk
wietsie@iexchange.co.za,lolla,ISDSL No Service,Louise Steenkamp (Stoney - PG)
wiid@iexchange.co.za,gbg123,ISDSL No Service,Wiid Email
wildcoast200@iexchange.co.za,aleyard,ISDSL No Service,Marlene Powell (Wildcoast200)
willbouw@iexchange.co.za,annette28,ISDSL No Service,Bouwer - A d/o monthly PE
william@iexchange.co.za,firewire,ISDSL No Service,William Orton,Umtata,d/o
burgere@eastcape.net,acb4uqex,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 10G,Etteine Burger
cradockclub@eastcape.net,mjlu739w,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 1G,Cradock Club
cradockspar@eastcape.net,3yne0onm,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 2G,Cradock Spar
gerrit@eastcape.net,nel7777,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 15G => ISDSL+ Hard Cap 10G,Gerrit Nel Kantoor
mbaas@eastcape.net,ch91psl8,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 5G,Marquerite Baas
ochsecdk@eastcape.net,fxlkrwjb,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 7G => ISDSL+ Hard Cap 5G,H Fouche - Ochse Apteek Cradock
sblom@eastcape.net,m17tjbhi,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 15G,Skalk Blom Huis - Cradock
tester@eastcape.net,3cnaccess,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 5G,Test acc 2011
isp1207@isdsl.net,inndjqft,Consumer Connect - 4096,DR Herselman
isp12789@isdsl.net,hylenick,Consumer Connect - 4096,Rayner Minaar
isp13024@isdsl.net,rhsdizuv,Consumer Connect - 4096,Mahindra ***** 
isp13497@isdsl.net,gnblgzjt,Consumer Connect - 4096,Bekker
isp13502@isdsl.net,nzgkkpqj,Consumer Connect - 4096,JW Auto Old Workshop
isp13763@isdsl.net,misrofhi,Consumer Connect - 2048,Steers GR
isp13986@isdsl.net,lkexyeac,Consumer Connect - 4096,JW Auto Workshop 2
isp15269@isdsl.net,rrbnipfx,Hard Capped Account - 20GB,F Colorossi
isp15335@isdsl.net,uaeyejyj,Hard Capped Account - 20GB,wilbouw
isp15408@isdsl.net,yqigeuaq,Hard Capped Account - 30GB,Metcalf
isp15663@isdsl.net,tnsojpxd,Hard Capped Account - 10GB,A Davison
isp15941@isdsl.net,kzyxjgys,Hard Capped Account - 15GB,Ruamix Aggrigates
isp17091@isdsl.net,247@Dkmv,Hard Capped Account - 20GB,GBG Cradock
isp17492@isdsl.net,G3rberBotha@01,Single Session Hard Capped 75GB used,GBG Graaff Reinet
isp17826@isdsl.net,tEsUMjHfQB,Hard Capped Account - 20GB,GBG Somerset Oos
isp2244@isdsl.net,sains4664,Hard Capped Account - 25GB,Johan Schouwerbou
isp3230@isdsl.net,jordaan01,Consumer Connect - 1024,Loune Jordaan
isp3593@isdsl.net,rsyywrdp,Consumer Connect - 4096,used Coetzee+Coetzee
isp4061@isdsl.net,123456,Consumer Connect - 1024,Hentie Fouche Huis
isp5447@isdsl.net,hgqopqto,Single Session Hard Capped 50GB,Pro Auction
isp5564@isdsl.net,m3rin0,Consumer Connect - 4096,Merino SA
isp5600@isdsl.net,@ut0jw2,Consumer Connect - 4096,JW Auto 2 - Cradock
isp6083@isdsl.net,bwzqtxzk,Consumer Connect - 1024,FWJK
isp67310@dsl512.isdsl.net,b5f7dbdf,Consumer Connect - 4096,used Sasol Umtata
isp69097@dsl512.isdsl.net,a5ab8b1c,Consumer Connect - 4096,JW Auto Sales
isp69790@dsl512.isdsl.net,97714f53,Consumer Connect - 2048,used Lynette en Johan de Jager huis - Cradock
isp7330@isdsl.net,st33r$@cdk,Consumer Connect - 2048,Steers Cradock
isp9387@isdsl.net,quwauuas,Consumer Connect - 4096,Victoria Hotel
isp9772@isdsl.net,yxbvwnwt,Consumer Connect - 4096,Bouwer Prokureurs
isp12689@isdsl.net,rlshzaff,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 9G,Hester Coetzer
isp14448@isdsl.net,*#58734@*#,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 35G,Abattoir Cradock
isp14720@isdsl.net,atecybjw,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 15G,JW Geyer
isp20146@dsl512.isdsl.net,mwslgtdk,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 10G,Herman Neethling (Email - Herman)
isp26899@dsl512.isdsl.net,wwxryfui,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 20G => ISDSL+ Hard Cap 15G,daybreak-Frikkie Naude
isp33138@dsl512.isdsl.net,lpuwxnlb,ISDSL+ Hard Cap 10G,Custom Motors, Beverly
